## Background
Clouds have been widely studied in a variety of fields. The shape and distribution of clouds are not only important to modeling climate and weather, but also to understand interactions between aerosol and cloud for weather research, and to develop environment forecasting models including radiation and cloud properties. Additionally, detecting and understanding cloud cover over the sky have been studied to estimate and forecast solar irradiance and performance of renewable solar photovoltaic energy generation. For this reason, examining solar irradiance in photovoltaic power grids has been investigated in many ways. Even though the purpose of each study is diverse, it is common that they have approached to analyze the magnitude of cloud coverage. In this context, answering how much cloud covers the sky is a striking problem along with other factors such as wind direction, speed, temperature, and other meteorological factors [1].

Many of the cloud images used in the studies have been collected from satellites. Those image data are then used to analyze cloud types and solar irradiance. The images captured from satellites are advantageous to study large areas with regard to the resolution of the image to understand the overall environment of the area. However, to analyze local cloud environment, which is a much smaller area and changing rapidly, using the images from the satellite are unrealistic, costly, and slow. Instead, ground-based images have been used predominantly for analyzing local cloud status which can affect on estimation and prediction of solar irradiance. Because local weather conditions and solar irradiance are affected significantly by the cloud coverage of local sky, the ground-based images are more suitable to represent local sky conditions.

## Algotirhm description
As a method to estimate solar irradiance, we utilized cloud cover estimation using machine learning model called U-Net. The application estimates solar irradiance from a calculated cloud cover ratio and outputs the percentage of solar irradiance in Watt per square meter.

[1] Seongha Park, Yongho Kim, Nicola J. Ferrier, Scott M. Collis, Rajesh Sankaran and Pete H. Beckman “Prediction of Solar Irradiance and Photovoltaic Solar Energy Product Based on Cloud Coverage Estimation Using Machine Learning Methods”, 2020, Atmosphere, Volume 12, Issue 3, pages 395.
